Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hello. hello?
Sis
it's mom. she is sick.
- Sick. what do you mean she's sick?
She's sick.
I went into her room and
she could hardly breathe.
- What's wrong honey?
- It's my sister. she's
saying that my mom is sick.
and they're taking her to the hospital.
- What!
- What hospital?
They are taking
her to St. Christopher's.
I've already called Dr. Madison.
she's meeting us there okay?
- Okay. okay sis.
everything's gonna be okay.
I'm on my way. okay?
I know. I know.
but she was just having
such a hard time breathing.
- Okay look. I'm on my way.
everything is gonna be fine okay?
I'll be there shortly. okay?
Okay. I'll see you there.
- I love you. okay bye.
Babe-
- Everything okay?
- No. it's my mom.
they're taking her to the
hospital in the ambulance.
I don't know what's going on.
Look. I gotta go. Okay?
- Okay honey.
Hey honey.
I want you to be careful.
- I will.
- Don't worry everything will be fine.
Call me. Okay?
- Okay.
- Be careful.
I love you.
- I love you too.
- Be careful.
- Okay. bye.
Are you okay?
- Natalie no. mom's real sick.
- She's gonna be okay.
she's gonna be fine.
- Natalie. it's good to see you again.
I just wish it were under
better circumstances.
- Yes. good to see you too doctor.
- So tell me how's Alvin?
- Alvin's good. thank you for asking.
- Ladies. this is Dr. Taylor.
she is the hospital's
respiratory specialist.
so I'm gonna allow her. to take
the time to explain to you.
exactly what is going on
with your mom. Dr. Taylor.
- Natalie. Cynthia. right?
- Yes. that's correct.
- Correct.
- Okay great. it's nice
to meet both of you.
but as Dr. Madison has said.
I wish it was under
different circumstances.
- Yeah.
- My name is Dr. Marianne Taylor.
and I'm the respiratory specialist.
that saw your mom when she first came in.
Now as we all know.
we're currently battling.
with the respiratory
virus called COVID-19.
Due to that. and the symptoms
that your mom displayed.
when she first came into the hospital.
we immediately administered
her a COVID-19 test.
So right now we're waiting on
the test results to come back.
and we put your mom on oxygen.
so. help assist with her breathing okay?
- So. you're saying that our
mom has the COVID-19 virus?
- No. I'm not drawing
that conclusion as of yet.
I wanna wait for the test
results to come back.
and once I have a clear diagnosis.
I can be on point with the
next course of treatment
for your mother.
So when are we
gonna be allowed to see her now?
- I'm afraid that won't be possible.
- So we can't see her?
- No. due to the protocols
that have been put into place.
because of the outbreak.
anyone displaying symptoms of COVID-19.
are immediately quarantined.
So right now all we can do.
is make her as comfortable as possible.
and her breathing is a little bit better.
but she's still struggling.
- So. do you ladies have any
questions for Dr. Taylor?
- No. not at this time.
Thank you so much. Dr. Taylor.
- Cynthia. do you have any questions?
- No. I just want her to get better.
- We all do.
- Thank you. thank you Dr.
Taylor I appreciate it.
- You're welcome.
Ladies. I know this is a
hard time for you guys.
but. I want you guys to know
that she's gonna be okay.
- Thank you Dr. Taylor.
- Thank you.
- All right.
Dr. Madison. I will contact
you in a little while. okay?
And ladies. I'll see you in the morning.
Okay. Thank you.
- Thank you.
Well. ladies there's really not much more
we can do at this time but wait.
And considering the circumstances.
more than likely we
won't have any results.
until tomorrow sometime.
So my suggestion to you
is. if you like go home.
get some rest. and then
come back tomorrow morning.
we will take good care of your mother.
- No. I think I'm gonna stay.
- No sis. I'll stay.
Go home and get some rest okay?
I'll call you if anything happens.
Are you sure?
- Girl. I'm sure okay. go home.
I'll see you in the morning okay?
- Okay sis. I love you so much.
I love you too.
- Everything's gonna be okay.
- Natalie I'll walk you out.
- Okay.
Thank you so much.
Hello?
Natalie.
mom's dead..
- What. what do you mean she's dead?
- What happened baby?
- It's my sister. she
said that my mom is dead.
- Oh my. damn!
They said that she began
having trouble breathing.
- Where are you?
She was coughing real hard.
and then she just died.
They said that they
tried to revive her but-
- Everything's gonna be okay.
everything's gonna be okay. all right?
I'll be there shortly. where
are you at in the hospital?
No. I'm not in there.
I'm in the emergency room's parking lot.
there are just so many people in there.
- Okay sis listen. I'm
gonna be there shortly okay?
Everything's gonna be okay.
I'll be there shortly.
I love you.
.
- We gotta go. we gotta go.
- I'm sorry honey. let's go honey.
Honey it's okay. it's
okay. we're gonna be okay.
I gotta get dressed okay?
I've
had enough tragedy in my life.
for a few lifetimes. so this news.
was definitely something
I didn't wanna hear.
My mom was just sick
yesterday. and now she's dead?
- Yeah this is puzzling to all of us.
What happened.
you told us that she was doing okay.
- For heavens I had no idea
what's going on with this virus.
and now it's growing so badly.
Sis?
Natalie I'm
so glad you're here.
Are you okay?
No. she's dead.
I went looking
for you in the parking lot.
they told me you were here.
- They brought me back here.
- This is my husband. Alvin.
Alvin. this is Dr. Taylor.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
- So. tell me what happened.
I thought you said she
was going to be okay.
- I did. I truly thought she would be.
Her respiratory system just shut down and.
there was nothing we
could do. I'm so sorry.
- Look. I know it's not your fault.
I know that you guys did
everything that you possibly could.
- We did Natalie.
But in our line of work.
sometimes all that we
can do just isn't enough.
- Well. when can we see her?
Where is she right now?
- I'm afraid that won't be possible.
- What do you mean you're afraid not?
- With the possibility
that your mother's death.
was COVID-19 related.
protocol does not allow you to access her.
Families who have lost
loved ones due to COVID-19.
are not allowed to access them either.
that includes your mother.
- You know what.
I don't give a damn about
nobody else's family okay?
- Calm down.
- No. let me go.
You just said people with COVID-19.
Well you never told us that she had it.
As a matter of fact.
you said it last night.
and just a few minutes ago.
never got the test back.
So what the hell was she
even doing back there.
with people that had that shit?
- Whoa whoa whoa sis. come on. come on.
don't worry about it.
We're definitely gonna
get to the bottom of this.
- Oh yeah definitely. gonna
Let me asked you something Dr. Taylor.
what happened to our mother.
why can't we go see her?
- I'm sorry. but the
hospital is only following.
CDC protocol.
- This is some real bullshit right now.
Everybody just calm down.
- You know what ladies and gentlemen.
I think it's time that you leave.
- Leave. you know what. fuck
you and fuck this hospital.
I'm gonna go see my mother okay?
- Yes.
Security to
conference room one please?
- Look as much as we
understand you're upset.
we feel remorse for you as well okay?
But you have to understand.
and you have to follow the
guidelines of this hospital.
Do you understand me?
- So our mom's dead.
and that's just supposed to be it right?
- Look. you don't realize we
go through this every day.
Our hearts go out to you. but
you must conduct yourself.
in an according manner.
security is on their way here.
- We just wanna see her okay?
- We have every right to see our mother.
- I wish we could do that for you.
we can not allow you to see
your mother unfortunately.
- This is bullshit.
- Yes. this is some bullshit.
- Bunch of crap.
- Look. we did our best to
keep your mother alive okay?
And that's all we can do. is our best.
We can not guarantee you.
- And that's why she's dead now right.
and we can't see her. is
that what you're telling us?
- That's all we want.
we want to see her okay?
- That is a policy. we did
not make those guidelines.
- This is bullshit.
- Bunch of crap.
- This is ridiculous.
- I'm gonna need you to understand us.
Just like we're trying
to understand your situation right now.
- Really?
- Well. it wasn't your
mother that died was it?
- Look. we can talk about this later on.
right now. we're gonna need
you to exit the facility.
- We ain’t exiting nowhere.
unless we're gonna see my mother.
- Okay. when security comes in.
we're gonna have you
walk out with them. okay?
Come on now.
- Security ain’t nothing.
- Look. we're just trying to get you
to understand the hospital policies okay?
- All right. all right.
- Hospital policies. our mom is gone.
- That's enough let's go. let's go.
- Don't touch me. don't touch me.
- Either you go or you're going to jail.
Either you go or you're
going to jail. let's go.
- This is ridiculous.
Time to go.
- Yeah.
Can't Believe this!
- You know sis. with all this
stuff going on right now.
I think it's best that we get an attorney.
- I agree sister.
- I mean. I'm thinking of going over.
and talking to one of my friends.
Because this is personal you
know. and I want someone that.
can actually defend us the right way.
- Exactly. I agree. let's do it.
- Okay. well I think I'll
probably give her a call tomorrow.
and see if I can go over there.
- Okay.
- I just can't believe
that.  mom's gone.
- I know. I know.
I know sister. I know.
- I keep repeating in my head.
when you called me and told
me that she's dead. it just...
I'm sorry.
- It's okay sister. we'll get
to the bottom of this okay?
- Hey. that's Daniella
put your mask on guys.
- Hey friend. how are you doing?
- Hey girl. how are you?
- I'm okay.
- I'm sorry. I brought you something.
- Oh. thank you so much. I appreciate it.
- Hey sister?
Hey girl.
- How are you?
Oh you know.
just hanging in there.
- Hey. what's up girl?
Hey bro.
- How are you doing?
- Oh. almost good. but
I believe what I heard?
- Yeah it is what it is.
hey you want some coffee?
I really do.
and I need a lot of
sugar. and a lot of cream.
Thank you. bro.
- Anytime girlfriend.
I'm not gonna let this slide.
And you shouldn't.
- Honey I'm gonna go to the
store and grab some things.
Want to give you ladies some time to talk.
- Okay babe. love you.
- Love you too.
- All right. you be careful okay?
- I will.
- Hey. can you get some hand sanitizer.
while you're out please?
- Oh. sure will.
- Thank you babe.
- I'll leave you Ladies to it.
love you. I'll be right back.
- Thank you.
- Thank you bro.
why don't you bring back snacks.
Oh. I got you.
Drive safe.
I will.
- I love a man that goes
out and gets stuff for you.
- Hey pastor. how are you doing?
- Brother Alvin. how are you?
It's good to see you though.
Sorry for the loss of your mother-in-law.
that's right.
Yeah. how are you doing?
- I'm doing great. thank you pastor.
- That's good. and how
are the girls doing?
- Not so good. but I'm
glad that you're here.
- Well. I'm glad to be here.
you know I love the family so...
- Come on in.
- Ladies. we got some company.
Hey pastor. how are you?
Let me get your coat for you.
- Natalie. how are you?
- I'm doing good. thank you so very much.
- My condolences to you
and your family members.
- Yes. thank you.
- If there is anything.
and I mean anything that you guys need.
from myself or the church.
don't hesitate to ask okay?
- Thank you pastor. how
is the first lady doing?
- She's doing okay.
I guess. she was pretty devastated.
when she got the news about your mother.
So. it's been pretty hurtful right now.
But she's getting through it.
they was just together last week.
preparing for the church's anniversary.
- I know this happened all
of a sudden and I just...
I don't know what I'm
gonna do without my mom.
- Well. one thing is for sure.
that a sister Carrie. she
raised some strong daughters.
and you will be fine.
- You're right about that pastor.
- Okay. can I get you
something to drink pastor.
would you like coffee. water. tea?
- Water would be just fine.
- Okay.
- Thank you. sister.
Is it okay if I asked you.
what happened to your mother exactly.
'cause. just last Sunday
she was at the church.
and she was healthy and doing
fine and as a matter of fact.
she was just talking
about making her world
famous mac and cheese.
for the church's anniversary.
- Well pastor. I mean. she was
fine up until two days ago.
But then she started complaining
about having a scratchy throat.
and she thought that she was coming down
with a cold or something.
but then last night. I woke up to her.
coughing uncontrollably.
She was having trouble breathing.
So I called an ambulance.
and took her to the hospital.
- Did they say it was COVID-19?
- Well. not exactly.
They didn't say anything. they just...
I mean. we're just waiting
for the test results.
and then all of a sudden she just died.
- Wow. I'm so sorry
ladies. this is tragic.
So where is she right now?
- She's still in that hospital.
They didn't let us see her.
get her things. nothing.
- Hmm. that's shameful
because this is happening
all across the nation.
And this COVID thing.
something wrong about this.
- You know. one of my
friends lost their brother.
to this COVID mess.
And they told her family. that
they couldn't get his body.
And my thing is. with
all these people dying.
what are they doing
with the bodies anyway?
- No one knows.
This government of ours is...
They're not gonna tell us either way.
what's happening with our people.
and this is ridiculous.
the numbers are in the
hundreds and thousands.
And these people are
losing their loved ones.
and they're just simply telling
them from the hospitals.
"Just go home."
- Right pastor.
- You're right pastor.
- That's what the lady told us.
You can't see her. you
can get her body. get out.
- Yeah.
- That's shameful.
- Look. all I know is that
I want my mother's body.
so that we can lay her
to rest the right way.
- Sister Natalie. I want you to know.
that that we're gonna do everything
in our power to get sister Curry.
It's just ridiculous. we have to get her.
and we are going to give
her the best Memorial.
this church can give her.
We're gonna celebrate her
life. because she gave life.
- Yes.
- And that's what we're gonna do.
- Thank you pastor. we
really appreciate that.
- Absolutely. absolutely.
- You know. what's even weirder to me.
again with all of these people dying.
what are they doing
with the bodies pastor?
- That's something that we just don't know
what they're doing with
their bodies and it's crazy.
But we're gonna have to figure it out
because. for you not to be able to go.
and pick up your loved one
and bury your loved one.
it's just plain cruel.
- And that's exactly what
it is pastor. cruelty.
- Yes it is.
- Something has to be done about this.
- I agree with you.
And that's why I'm going
to go and see an attorney.
and make sure that this
is handled correctly.
- Yes. yes. yes indeed.
- Thank you.
- And we gotta say prayer for her.
and just remember the
church has your back.
All right. we're a phone call away.
Thank you. pastor.
- Thank you. it's been
a blessing to see y'all.
and I'm praying for y'all strength.
I'm praying for the entire
family. and don't forget.
we're gonna send sister Curry away.
in the best way possible.
Yes.
- God bless you. I'm gonna take off now.
- God bless you too pastor.
- You know my wife is waiting for me.
Thank you sister.
- Here you go pastor.
- Take care pastor.
- Thank you and God bless you ladies.
- God bless you too.
- Thank you for coming
we really appreciate it.
- Okay. y'all be safe.
and remember to wear your face mask okay?
Yes.
- All right.
God bless you pastor.
God bless you.
Wow. I'm really glad
that he came by today.
- I know sister.
- That really helped me a
lot. that he was here with us.
and prayed for us. I feel
a lot better how about you?
- Me too sister. I mean I still miss mom.
.
- Hey honey. how did it go
with pastor and the ladies?
- It went well. it was nice
that pastor came by you know.
- Are you okay. you
look like you're upset.
- No. I'm not upset. it's
just that I feel like.
right here something's not okay.
- Honey. I know why you feel this way.
Look. let's call it a day.
let's go to bed and snuggle.
and we can talk some more there.
- Okay. well I have to
clean up these dishes first.
- Okay sweetie.
Look. it's gonna be okay. okay?
- Okay.
Thank you baby.
- Babe. a lot has happened.
And you and your mom always
had a special connection.
almost intuitive.
- I know. but baby it's
like I feel it right here.
like she's talking to me.
I know it sounds strange.
but that's how I feel.
- Baby I know. let's just close our eyes.
and just call it a night. okay?
- Okay.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
Mom is that you?
- Yeah it's me. it is me.
- But mom. they told us
that you didn't make it.
- I'm still here with you
baby .
- No mom. the doctor told
us that you were dead.
and you stopped breathing.
- I never stopped breathing.
- No. no. they told us that you were dead.
- We are not dead
there was a lot of us
still breathing there.
.
- Coffee honey?
- No thank you.
- Are you okay. you've
been moaning and talking
in your sleep.
- Baby. I just had the
craziest dream about my mom.
- Look you need some rest
babe. I know this is hard.
but our family is strong.
and we're gonna make it through this.
I'm gonna go to work. and
I'll be back in a few hours.
- Okay.
- So. I'll be back to make you dinner.
- Shrimp fettuccine?
- Shrimp fettuccine it is my love.
- Okay. I don't know what I
would do without you baby.
- That's why I'm here honey.
Now. you go get some rest
and I'll be back early okay?
- Yeah.
- All right baby.
- All right I love you.
- I love you too.
- Hello?
- Hey D. how you doing girl?
- Hey girl. how are you?
- I don't know. I'm just
so confused right now.
I just had like the
craziest dream about my mom.
- Are you okay. what do you need me to do?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
I mean no. I'm not okay.
this is all a nightmare.
- I know. I feel so sorry for you.
is there anything that I can do?
My mom once taught me
the meaning of dreams.
She would always say to me meha.
your dreams show you your future.
and the more you control your dreams.
the more control you
will have in your life.
Well if that was the case.
I was out of control.
and needed friends and family.
- Hey sis how are you?
Yeah I can't believe
that this is happening.
- Me either sis.
I haven't been able to stay
at the house since that night.
I came home the next morning.
till straighten up a little bit.
but I just found myself
walking from mom's room crying.
I had to get out of there.
- So where have you been?
- I stayed over a Marcus's place.
- Now sis. you do know that
you can come and stay with us.
You're more than welcome.
- I know. I know.
I just needed to clear my head.
I'm gonna go back to the house today.
to get things situated.
You know. when me and
mom moved in together.
she had a lot of stuff.
I mean a lot of stuff.
And since then. she bought even more.
- Girl you know your mama loved to shop.
Yeah. I'm over here
looking at pictures of us.
and you me and mom. we were
"The Three Musketeers".
- I know right. I can't believe
how crazy all of this is.
And what really gets to me.
is that they won't give us her body.
so that at least we can give
her a proper Christian funeral.
That's what she would've wanted.
- You know. this virus
has changed everything.
and even the world that we live in.
I've heard that there's been
people and families like us.
where their loved ones have
gone into the hospital.
and they've never seen them after that.
- Wow. this is crazy.
Someone needs to end this virus.
before all of us end up dead.
- Sis. they haven't
trying to end anything.
because you know what war
sells. and this is war.
I just want them to release her body.
so that we can give her proper burial.
- Exactly. and you would think
that since she's our family member.
we should have that right.
- Amen. girl. let me get off this phone.
Are you still coming over for
a dinner and a movie tonight?
- Yeah. I'm gonna try to make it.
- Try. girl don't even try that.
We're supposed to talk about mom's
memorial service remember?
- Okay. okay. I'll be there.
- Okay. six O'clock?
- See you at six sis.
- All right see you then. love you.
- Bye. love you.
that girl.
Oh my God. I am so tired.
I just need to get...
I'm gonna take five minutes.
I'm just gonna rest my
eyes .
Who are you?
- Babe what's wrong?
I don't know.
- It's okay.
My
dreams were getting worse.
it's one thing to have a dream about mom.
but who were these other people.
and why were they torturing me?
Enough is enough. I needed
to get some legal help.
to find out what happened to my mom.
Something just wasn't
right about this situation.
- Oh. Natalie!
- Hi. how are you?
- It's good to see you.
- I'm sorry about your mother.
Go ahead and have a seat. get comfortable.
So how's Alvin?
- Alvin is doing fine.
he's such a great husband.
he's been supporting us
through this whole thing.
but. girl let me tell you.
there's times when he starts
acting like a big baby though.
- I hear you. 'cause
Thomas and them twins.
they drive me crazy every day.
- Wow girl you have twins.
I will be pulling my
hair out if I had twins.
- I'm definitely there.
I am definitely there.
So. tell me about your
mom and this hospital.
Well.
I got a call the other night
from my sister Cynthia.
and she said that my mom
was in the ambulance.
and they were taking her to the hospital.
So. when I get to the hospital.
my mom is in the emergency room.
and they're treating her
for shortness of breath.
Dr. Madison was there. and Dr. Taylor.
the respiratory specialist was there.
Dr. Taylor said that
my mom was displaying.
signs of COVID-19.
but they couldn't officially diagnose her.
until the test results came back.
- So they basically was
following COVID-19 procedures.
- Yeah. basically.
they said that there was really
nothing that they could do.
except make her comfortable.
and regulate her breathing.
So here I was.
going to my lawyer to
see if she could help.
and all she did was take some notes.
Like really. I don't need
some BS empathy parade.
followed with the life story documentary.
I just wanted to see my mom.
and all these people wanna
do is write paperwork.
that'll go in their endless drawers.
with their endless clients.
It just makes me wanna scream.
- Well that was good. I'm
about to pass out after that.
- I know you ain't
calling my chicken rigate.
you were hitting it pretty
good yourself there.
Hey. y'all just fat. amigos.
- Hey. there ain’t no fat over here.
- Okay. if that's what you say baby.
- There is no fat over here either.
this is pure sexiness sister.
I know
that's sexiness for sure.
So I
tried to pick up the pieces
of my life. I was sick of this.
And wondering what happened to my mom.
nobody had answers. and that
type of confusion is maddening.
I think it was playing tricks on my mind.
Family. was definitely
my only sense of peace.
- Give me that remote sis.
- Hey!
- Man. I do not know why
we pay for this service.
there's never nothing on this crap.
- That's what I say every
time I pay the bill baby.
- Honey. are you okay?
- Yeah. yeah I'm fine.
- Come on. let's go sit down.
I'll whip up dishes later.
I'll take care of dishes.
- All right well let me
close these blinds first.
Come on. sis.
Nothing.
- Hey. there's a woman out
there that looks like my mom.
- What you mean she looks like your mom?
- She's right there.
- Where?
- She was standing right there.
- This isn't funny. don't
even play like that.
- I don't see any woman out there Nat-
- I know what I saw she
was standing right there.
- Come on. come on.
- There's nobody out there.
- Come on. let's sit
down. you're stressed out.
- Look. I'm not stressed out.
Okay. a little stressed
out. but I know what I saw.
.
- Oh. you are stressed out.
- It's okay sister. it's okay.
I know we're going through a
lot. and everyone's on edge.
but just...
- But she was right there.
- You're just stressed out. come on baby.
you'll be fine baby. you're gonna be good.
- Hello sisters. how are you doing today?
We're fine.
- How are you doing pastor?
- Well. I'm doing well.
all things considered.
that's going on today in the world.
- Hmm. I know that's right.
with this coronavirus.
and all the unrest in the world right now.
it is a little overwhelming.
- Yes. and that's why we
must protect ourselves.
by wearing our mask by washing
and sanitizing our hands.
and by doing our number
one defense. is prayer.
- Yes pastor. with what
happened to my mother.
has definitely had me praying
really hard for everyone.
- Amen sister. amen.
- You know. the fact that we
can't get our mom's body back.
it's really tearing at
me. and I have dreams.
and I feel like she's
trying to tell me something.
and it's gotten to the
point now where it's like.
I think I see her.
- I understand how this can happen.
Sometimes our subconscious
is negatively affected.
that our brain begins to fight back.
There are so many families
that this has happened to.
It's just mind boggling
and I don't understand.
how these people will not allow you.
to see your family members.
And they don't allow you
and it's not right.
- Absolutely pastor.
- Yes. yes. yes.
But one thing is about it.
we will not allow them.
to stop us from celebrating
the life of sister Carrie.
She was a great mother. church member.
and most of all a friend.
- Thank you pastor.
- Thank you.
- No. there's no need for
thanks she was one of our own.
And if you don't mind.
you can pray with me.
and we can pray for sister Carrie.
- Uh. COVID?
- That's right COVID. bow your heads.
Dear father God we thank you.
for the life of sister Curry.
God we thank you for the
seeds that she's planted.
God we thank you for her daughters.
and her family and friends.
They may not understand your purpose.
They may not understand your will.
but God your will must
be done in our lives.
We thank you. we thank you for her life.
We celebrate it in your
son's name we pray. amen.
Amen.
- And amen.
- Thank you pastor. that
really means a lot to us.
- Thank you pastor. thank you.
- And if you guys need
anything. from this church.
from your church just give us a call.
and we're here for you.
Appreciate it.
We will. thank you so much.
- Thank you. God bless.
- God bless.
- Sister?
- It's okay.
This
is all so overwhelming.
An absolute roller coaster
and there was no getting off.
I was somewhere between
depression and anger.
And all I want to do is rest.
Maybe I can catch a few winks in the car.
- Baby. are you okay. what's going on?
Baby are you okay. honey?
Honey wake up.
Honey. it's okay. it's
okay honey. it's okay.
- I thought I saw my mom.
she was like right there.
and then she was...
- Honey you had a bad dream.
you had a bad dream. it's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay honey.
come on. come here baby.
This was crazy.
now I'm having dreams in my car.
every time I close my eyes
I see her. and it's torture.
Not being able to say goodbye.
I had to try to get some
type of balance in my life.
I think it's time for movie night.
- See babe. I told you was a good movie.
- I must admit. not bad for a chick flick.
- Did you hear that?
- I mean a good movie.
- A chick flick?
I mean a good movie.
- Really?
- Well guess who's gonna be
sleeping on the couch tonight.
- Babe. I was just kidding.
That's what I thought.
- Hey sis. I'm gonna get going okay?
- Okay. sounds good.
- Good night man on the couch.
- Stop playing sis.
- I'm gonna use your bathroom-
- From the bedroom.
- Okay sis. sounds good.
Hey. call me when you get there okay?
- Will do.
- Honey are you coming.
going to bed honey?
- I gotta send this email real quick babe.
- It's time to show
you. Don't make me wait.
- Boy. bye go to bed.
- Come on I'm thirsty.
I bet you are thirsty.
- Don't make me wait.
get with the program.
- I'm gonna make you wait.
you know that .
Oh my God. you're so silly.
Alvin. baby mom is here!
- Oh my God!
- Oh my God mom. oh my God are you okay?
- Hi baby I'm okay.
- Mom. what's wrong. I
though you were dead!
- I know.
I just remember getting
into the ambulance.
They must've given me a
test. and I fell asleep.
- Mom are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay baby. I'm okay.
- Well what happened. they
told us you were dead.
- All I remember. was
riding in the ambulance.
I remember they put
this stick. in my nose.
and I must've fallen asleep or passed out.
The next thing I remember.
is I was freezing cold.
I felt around and I felt like
I was inside of this plastic.
There was a zipper and I followed it up.
I just couldn't understand.
why they had done
something like that to me.
Why would they put me in
one of these body bags?
- So you mean to tell us
that you were in a body bag.
and you weren't dead?
- Yeah.
- Oh my God!
- I reached up. I was
able to get the zipper.
I got my hand out. I got
my head out and I sat down.
there were body bags everywhere
on the floor. on shelves.
I just didn't understand.
I didn't know why anyone
would put me in that room.
in one of those things.
- It's okay mom. it's
okay. you're here with us.
It's okay.
- I can't believe that
this happened to you.
- It's okay. it's not your fault.
But what really freaked me out.
was some of the other bags were moving.
And I went over to one. and I unzipped it.
and I hand grabbed me I ran. I screamed.
I just had to get out
of those dark hallways.
I had to get out of that hospital.
- It's okay mom. it's okay.
- I'm just so glad you're here.
So you weren't the only one in there?
- No. they must've put a
lot of people in those bags.
they weren't dead.